in_kubernetes_events: add k8s permission details (#1396)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/inputs/kubernetes-events.md

| tls.verify          | Enable or disable verification of TLS peer certificate.                               | On                                                   |
| tls.vhost           | Set optional TLS virtual host.                                                        |                                                      |

> - _* as of Fluent-Bit 3.1 this plugin uses a kubernetes watch stream instead of polling. The interval parameters in versions > 3.1 are used for reconnecting the kubernetes watch stream._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- _* As of Fluent-Bit 3.1, this plugin uses a Kubernetes watch stream instead of polling. In versions before 3.1, the interval parameters are used for reconnecting the Kubernetes watch stream._
```

## Getting Started

### Kubernetes Service Account

> The kubernetes service account used by fluent-bit must have `get`, `list`, and `watch` permissions to `namespaces` and `pods` for the namespaces watched in the `kube_namespace` config parameter. If you are using the helm chart to set up fluent-bit, this role is included.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubernetes service account used by Fluent Bit must have `get`, `list`, and `watch`
permissions to `namespaces` and `pods` for the namespaces watched in the
`kube_namespace` configuration parameter. If you're using the helm chart to configure
Fluent Bit, this role is included.
```

Reviewer: Both Kubernetes and Fluent Bit are product names, so we capitalize them consistently.

| tls.verify          | Enable or disable verification of TLS peer certificate.                               | On                                                   |
| tls.vhost           | Set optional TLS virtual host.                                                        |                                                      |

- _* As of Fluent-Bit 3.1, this plugin uses a Kubernetes watch stream instead of polling. In versions before 3.1, the interval parameters are used for reconnecting the Kubernetes watch stream._

## Getting Started

### Kubernetes Service Account
The Kubernetes service account used by Fluent Bit must have `get`, `list`, and `watch`
permissions to `namespaces` and `pods` for the namespaces watched in the
`kube_namespace` configuration parameter. If you're using the helm chart to configure

> Fluent Bit, this role is included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent Bit, this role is included.

```
